{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf370
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Installation\
\
How to install the app through the Android Market\
1.	Copy the APK file to your Android\'92s memory card and insert the card into your phone.\
2.	Download and install the Apps Installer application from the Android Market\
3.	Once installed, the Apps Installer will display the APK files on the memory card.\
4.	Click and install your APK files.\
5.	Done\
\
How to install the app with Android SDK\
1.	Download and install the Google Android SDK program and the Android USB drivers. The download links are as follows: http://code.google.com/android/intro/installing.html\
2.	http://dl.google.com/android/android_usb_windows.zip\
3.	You need to modify your Android\'92s settings to allow the installation of applications from other sources. Under \'93Settings,\'94 select \'93Application Settings\'94 and then enable \'93Unknown Sources.\'94 Also under \'93Settings,\'94 select \'93SD Card\'94 and \'93Phone Storage,\'94 and finally enable \'93Disable Use for USB Storage\'94\
4.	This last step is easy. Open Command Prompt and type the following: adb install <1>/<2>.apk\
5.	However, when you type the command, replace <1> with the path to your APK file and replace <2> with the name of the APK file.\
6.	Done\
\
How to use\
When you have installed the app and opened it, your own location will be marked on the application\'92s map. You can search for locations via the serach window, either with complete location name or by parts of a name, resulting in different matching locations being suggested. Furthermore, you can search for a specific room type, such as computer room or group room, and thereby getting suggestions for all such rooms. When you have chosen a location, it will be marked on the application\'92s map. When a location is marked, you can press the X button to get directions to the location. In addition, you can switch between night mode and day mode with the Y button. The modes contain different aspects of Chalmers; the day mode features lecture halls, group room and such study focused sites, whereas the night mode features the different pub locations.\
}